README.md, before:

[![16Girls](https://raw.github.com/nulllogic/16girls/gh-pages/_tmp/16girls_underlogo.gif)](http://nulllogic.github.io/16girls/) 

#✝ Welcome [![Build Status](https://api.travis-ci.org/nulllogic/16girls.png)](https://travis-ci.org/nulllogic/16girls)

> Welcome to 16Girls CSS framework, that will give you most of development needs, that can hustle development of websites. It was build in love and with love of many technologies from the internet. 

> [ [Demo](http://nulllogic.github.io/16girls/) ] — [ [Documentation](http://nulllogic.github.io/16girls/docs) ] — [ [Bugs/Issues](https://github.com/nulllogic/16girls/issues) ] — [ [Support](https://nulllogic.desk.com/customer/portal/articles/1408617-16girls-framework) ] — [ [StackOverflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/16girls) ]

* * *

#✝ Getting started

[![IMAGE ALT TEXT HERE](http://img.youtube.com/vi/YOUTUBE_VIDEO_ID_HERE/0.jpg)](https://vimeo.com/83573522)


Documents
---------

**StackEdit** stores your documents in your browser local storage, which means all your documents are automatically saved locally and are accessible offline.

> **NOTE:** This also means that your documents are not shared between different browsers or computers and that clearing your browser's data may **delete all of them!**

#### <i class="icon-file"></i> Create a document

You can create a new document by clicking the <i class="icon-file"></i> button in the navigation bar. This will switch from the current document to the new one.

#### <i class="icon-folder-open"></i> Switch to another document

You can list all your local documents and switch from one to another by clicking the <i class="icon-folder-open"></i> button in the navigation bar.

#### <i class="icon-pencil"></i> Rename a document

You can rename the current document by clicking the document title in the navigation bar.

#### <i class="icon-trash"></i> Delete a document

You can delete the current document by clicking the <i class="icon-trash"></i> button in the navigation bar.

#### <i class="icon-hdd"></i> Save a document

You can save the current document to a file using the <i class="icon-hdd"></i> `Save as...` sub-menu.

> **NOTE:** See [<i class="icon-share"></i> Publish a document](#publish-a-document) section for a description of the different outputs.



#✝ License
[the MIT license](LICENSE).

* * *

[![IMAGE ALT TEXT HERE](http://www.nulllogic.net/_tmp/logo.gif)](http://www.nulllogic.net)

Commit message:

Updated README, added CONTRIBUTING.md,

README.md, after:

[![16Girls](https://raw.github.com/nulllogic/16girls/gh-pages/_tmp/16girls_underlogo.gif)](http://nulllogic.github.io/16girls/) 

#✝ Welcome [![Build Status](https://api.travis-ci.org/nulllogic/16girls.png)](https://travis-ci.org/nulllogic/16girls)

> Welcome to 16Girls CSS framework, that will give you most of development needs, that can hustle development of websites. It was build in love and with love of many technologies from the internet. 

> [ [Demo](http://nulllogic.github.io/16girls/) ] — [ [Documentation](http://nulllogic.github.io/16girls/docs) ] — [ [Bugs/Issues](https://github.com/nulllogic/16girls/issues) ] — [ [Support](https://nulllogic.desk.com/customer/portal/articles/1408617-16girls-framework) ] — [ [StackOverflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/16girls) ]


#✝ Quickstart

[![IMAGE ALT TEXT HERE](http://www.sergiuko.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/vimeo-preview-627x351.jpg)](https://vimeo.com/83573522)

#✝ Optional

## └  test

## └  Contributing

For contributing, please view the [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md).



#✝ License
[the MIT license](LICENSE).

* * *

[![IMAGE ALT TEXT HERE](http://www.nulllogic.net/_tmp/logo.gif)](http://www.nulllogic.net)
